okay this is a Toyota Camry 1999 this is
the front
I'm going to show you the side now
this is the back
is the other side I'll show you the
trunk
this is my stuff in the trunk
all my stuff
trunk is pretty good
that's Ponyo that was missing am i good
okay I'm going to go inside now
this is the inside to the inside
this is the back
this is the grog which is how it was so
I got it
this is the seats but you can move this
you can see it's just regular seats this
one was boosted up so the person that's
sitting on it give it a real bus stop
seat this is the front
it's look pretty good
this is the radio I have to put a CD
India because it doesn't play that it
stops this is the molding you see just
showing it so you can see
this is the steering wheel has a
steering cover on it this is the
the luck
this has a little break let's show it
dunk so I got it see
besides the same it's maybe he's how
long is stained and the sonnet start
breaking apart and I'll show you the
engine
oh I didn't show you two roof the roof
looks good see this is a mirror
everything looks fine here
now this is danger
it looks alright
I send you battery ideas but
it's fine in there
alright that's all for now